hi welcome to today's episode of in the
kitchen keeping it real
I'm your host Ariel and today we're
making sauerkraut a naturally fermented
vegetable that is phenomenal for you the
probiotic quality through the roof when
I say sauerkraut I meant to say carrot
cumin coriander kraut so it's quite
special all we're gonna do is take one
head of cabbage which is gigantically
large a few carrot sticks
get them ground down in our food
processor with a I'm using the the shred
bleed so you get a nice surface area per
vegetable which will really help create
a yummy brine
ooh baby you look at so good you look at
so bright
sauerkraut and or all fermented
vegetables that are naturally fermented
at home nice and wildly like we're doing
right now are so good for your digestion
the natural probiotic content is
something that traditional people for a
long long time knew was good for them
and always ate and it's an amazing way
of keeping your vegetables preserved for
Forbes and adds in a day okay so do you
see that this was when we started dry
and you see how wet it is let me see if
I squeeze it if we can see any water
come out Wow okay do you see that that
water is going to turn into the brine
that our kraut will soak in and become
fermented
so you've got your crowd in there your
seeds are on top so this is a nice clean
Pyrex filled with water and I've got my
plastic lid on there and what I'm gonna
do is use this to push down my kraut
okay what that's going to do is make the
water rise up and that's what we want
that liquid over time in the crock
covered is what's going to keep the
veggies growing the yeast and fermenting
you don't need to fuss over it every day
for five days minimum you're gonna check
it and make sure that the water is
coming to the surface if you need to
push your thing down again to draw the
water up that's fine and I'll check in
five days
we're back five days minimum later we've
got our kraut I can see all those seeds
are in there and oh you can smell it's
all fermented it'll be perfect with some
bratwurst
um and I'm gonna keep it in the fridge
it'll just get better with time it is
good with every meal to have at least
something fermented and in old-school
times that's there was like a no-brainer
in our culture in our country today we
don't really do that because we don't
know - but forever in a day ago it was
like duh you always that's why I mean
that's why wine is so common with dinner
right that's a fermented drink kimchi in
Asia and crowd and Eastern Europe and
hot sauce used to always be naturally
fermented you couldn't just go to the
supermarket and buy it and so yeah with
every meal you want to have about two
tablespoons of something fermented it's
just super super great for your
digestion and then when you're done
packing your kraut down you can save the
brine and for your next batch if you
wanted to add a little bit of juice and
Brian from your last one
boom I'm gonna finish packing this guy
down and then we're gonna try some
so guys really special thing that
happened when we got this all packets
down and ready to try one of my awesome
film crew members of digital moon Peter
who is from the Czech Republic got so
animated about sauerkraut and started
trying to tell me a story that I was
like come on camera so you're from the
Czech Republic you grew up eating this
stuff tell me how did your family make
kraut you know I was watching a TV or
doing something you know I scared to do
and all the sudden my grandfather you
know drove the u-haul full of cabbage
and brought a big ball and we just
started you know chopping it and
grinding it and I had to just stand up
in the pot and you know Wow
you used your fingers oh my gosh that's
so old-school
that's the way we used to do it that's
the way it used to be done and after
that always just went you know my mom
sent me to the basement I just grabbed
it with my hand Wow from the bar that
she put it you know on the stove and
cooked it that was great Wow I'm
terrified to have Peter try this because
sounds like he's got some real-deal
kraut history but let's see what he
thinks
mm-hmm
is that the rear is it how does it
compare with what you were growing up
you guys probably spent I mean if they
spent probably months in the basement we
never used Garrett okay
and it was longer in the basement okay
but the fermentation is there it stays
great
yeah yeah it's sour how do you like the
cumin and the coriander oh yeah we thank
you so much for sharing that story with
us it sounds like you guys had kraut for
an entire year
more than that guys is this real deal or
what we are so stoked on this thanks so
much for hanging out with us Peter thank
you so much for giving a good spoonful
dive into our kraut we'll check you next
Wednesday give this recipe a thumbs up
like us on Facebook and I'll check you
next Wednesday subscribe to the channel
for more amazing nourishing traditional
Whole Foods ciao
you